0. Ask youself this: "What am I afraid of?" and let this question drop deep down inside, and sit with it for several moments with your feelings. keep sinking down until you feel something - usually fear.  What is it you are afraid of? Write this down and work on overcomming it every day. Be patient, things take time but will accelerate your ability to adapt and consume knowledge.

1. be consistent in delivering content.  Find a technical path that can compliement your core skills, and develop it like it were your own. As a developer advocate, one of your jobs is to bring light to issues that you yourself and your peers have encounterd over the lifetime of your developer career. If you can explain something that typically mystifies your peers, do it. Make articles, write programs, and seek those looking for hand as well as those with a higher vantage point.

2. So many of the times at conferences I will just stand around and wait for people to say hi. but that never happens! It turns out that dev advocates have a different 'shine' in the tech community.  Dont be scared to reach out to strangers at those conferences just to say 'hi' and shoot the breeze for a little while.  You will eventually learn something you didn't, and if you continually do this, youll begin to pickup a narative in the issues and stories you hear. This can help with developing new material in the future, so take notes!

3. Always be submitting to conferences. One thing I have enough challenge with is finding the right venues which are open to my ideas. Again, dont be afraid here and sling your message far and wide.  You'll be surprised to the number of organization, user groups and conferences that want to hear your message!

4. Setup a regiment for giving talks! For example on the day before and of my speakings I tend to stretch, exercise, read and code.  This helps put my mind in the frame for engaging an audience and honing in on the knowledge that will exercise the audiences minds. But it also helps in keeping stamina strong so even nervous energy doenst block what I am about to discuss. On the other hand, you're probably expected to socialize during these events; just take it easy and be yourself. There's no real pressure above that which you can endure. Keep  a vision in mind that helps you stay calm, knowing that when the time comes you will excel in whatever you set out to accomplish.

5. Optional - Developers are people too - they like controversy!  Find something trivial  to contrast your work with - say things that makes them thin - even if it's wrong. I wrote this in EMACS - the best editor in the universe - ;P
